PRIVACY POLICY    

Last updated October 29, 2019  


Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Menu Hub (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at gh3105@wayne.edu. 

When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services. 

This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Services").  

Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.   



1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  



Personal information you disclose to us 

In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Apps or otherwise contacting us.

The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Apps, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:

Publicly Available Personal Information. We collect first name, maiden name, last name, nickname, email addresses, and other similar data.


Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.   

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.   

Online Identifiers. We collect applications, and other similar data.   

Information collected through our Apps 

In Short:  We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.

If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:

Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.

Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s sensors, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.

Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.

Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.


2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?  

In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.  

We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below. 

  

We use the information we collect or receive: 

To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.                                                        
                         
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.                                                                                                                                  


3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  

In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.   


We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose. 

Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests. 

Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract. 

Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). 

Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:    


Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. 

Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.            

Offer Wall. Our Apps may display a third-party hosted “offer wall.” Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave our mobile application. A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.        

4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?  
In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.  

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.     



5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?  

In Short:  Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.  

This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.  

By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.             



6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?  

In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.   

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days.  

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.    



7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  

In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.  

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at gh3105@wayne.edu.  



8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?  

In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.

If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.     



9. DATA BREACH  

A privacy breach occurs when there is unauthorized access to or collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information. You will be notified about data breaches when Menu Hub believes you are likely to be at risk of serious harm. For example, a data breach may be likely to result in serious financial harm or harm to your mental or physical well-being. In the event that Menu Hub becomes aware of a security breach which has resulted or may result in unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information Menu Hub will promptly investigate the matter and notify the applicable Supervisory Authority not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.

10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES  

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.  


11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?  

In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.   

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. 

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.



12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?  

In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.  

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  



13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?  

If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at gh3105@wayne.edu.
